these illicit activities
It has been wonderful
The pacifier is the first festival of Murcia and children's community
as well as
percent and san sebastián
so simple pointed out the creativity
we look for ourselves differentiated
and jokes creativity but responsibility
but we believe that this unit deserves both
I need a proportion and I keep it
as we all know the
the children's police is governed by a series of laws and regulations for
protect the smallest thing that we believe necessary fundamental
ee before those standards makes it more complex even more complicated at the time
to be creative 3d TVs
to give an example I could say that
good business
it happens to me when an attack n what some people usually that a car is going to carry
over the water
that would be totally unthinkable in an advertisement addressed to the public
childish of these regrettable current larger works we do not enter
to assess yes
neither advertising or communication goes directly to the child
or that he uses the father or the mother as he presented nothing good as he brother
greater even in order to reach the million
percent of the savings value that because of the fact that team of
advertisers are very free military maria
finally, how important it is that the final consumer has been discouraged
a large glass of milk in each tablet
apart from in between
television is presupposed what is undoubtedly the most important
the children's police
let's love praying the bidder or it's graphic advertising
we have exclusive bad memory with them is very important and relevant that is
say without any interest that they were actually imposed
because inside what is p
by age brackets children
an important and important part is music
and on the other hand we have the inventive curation of genet web pages because
it is also another means
discounting in that place to doubts
lately
there will be two
two players similar times by same
it represented a profit
eef formed by if it is from people the creative will be voters of accounts that
people see advertising agency
now resorts to these players unlike others
contest, although there will also be advertisers in this announcement
people from the marketing department
so it qualifies the presence of at least
a person from the research field
which is dedicated to
direct contact with them
among the prizes that will be re-elected
that's why all for the children
About 100
four children
with a representation of Spanish children
they will vote on
the best television ad
the table the market best television channel and the best program
TV
and in that way
percent then it will cause percent
Perhaps the discussion between what local professionals have chosen and
children one
interesting
therefore, keep a series of conferences and a round table
in which he started talking about
of the latest trends in it
in the acb and if child m
well where are we and where are we going
so far he wins
Former Senate lounge
the beautiful easo
the computer
has been this quality
above all
the support that drown us and appeals for advertising agencies
since at first it might seem strange because of the fact that they
they have
in its most important festival and festival for the reference
of the Spanish police the sun
here without ball decides past in its slopes since then
according to him the fact that in this type of communication he needs
fresh air in italics a festival like this
so that effectively
united and children are like children who are absolutely original
imaginative i and creative does not have a more fun way to eat an ice cream
we will try to choose what
that creative team, which is a childish
I gave him one more turn of the nut
and know that there is a festival that values ​​posts
it's us and that will be the substitute